A secure computing environment is
the most important building block in protecting your organization.
In this lesson, you'll learn about
several fundamental components that will make up the foundation of your security.
But why does securing networks matter anyway?
Secure networks are the bedrock of a secure organization.
Ask any builder, if you get the foundation right,
you can build anything.
Conversely, if the foundation is poorly constructed,
no matter how good the building materials are and
how much care goes into constructing the structure.
It could collapse at any moment.
Let's look at a few examples.
Here are a few real world examples of poor security foundations.
According to the annual Verizon Data Breach Report for 2017,
81 percent of all breaches are the result of stolen or weak credentials.
There are many examples of exposed S3 buckets,
which is Amazon Web Service Storage.
From personal experience, I've witnessed major outbreaks due to
out-of-date antivirus and unpatched desktops unpatched SQL instances and several others.
The moral of the story is to take care of the low hanging fruit and
the basics before moving on to other levels of security configuration.
Now that the importance of securing networks is clear,
let's move on to how to think like a professional when securing networks,
there will be additional links available in the classroom.